February 12, 1998

This archive contains all of the level and title music from the
LookingGlass / Origin game, System Shock.  Thanks to Markus Hein for XMI2MID
and RIPXMI.

All MIDIs have been mixed down to level out discrepancies and smooth out the
overall performance of each piece.  Specific edits are noted below.

Below is a description of each.

dead.mid:  This little piece plays when the hacker dies.  Added reverb.

elevator.mid:  The infamous elevator music.  Added a second bass channel
               and panned the 2 of them at opposite ends.

enda.mid:  Played during the ending sequence of the game.  Added a sawtooth
           bass line and enhanced the hand-clap patterns.

endremix.mid:  Had a little fun and remixed enda.mid.  Split the entire
               pan flute track into left and right.  Changed the bass line
               and just about doubled the overall length of the song with
               cut-and-pastes and other effects.

Intro.mid:  A midi version of the title music that plays during the opening
            sequence.  Basic volume leveling and bass / percussion
            enhancements.

sshock00.mid:  Played all through level 3 (Maintenance) and sometimes on
               level 5 (Flight Deck).  Not much but a couple of bars of 
               weird repetative sounds.

sshock01.mid:  Played all through level 1 (Healing Suites).  Makes you feel
               like it's your first time.  Added chorus to the overdrive.

sshock02.mid:  This one's from level 6 and had 2 seperate songs.  The
               tempos matched perfectly so I mixed them together.  Added 
               extra bass and clean guitar channels.

sshock03.mid:  This one played on levels 2 (Science and Research) and 
               6 (Executive and Living Quarters) for a short time.  Added
               a clean guitar track along with some percussion enhancements
               and volume leveling.

sshock04.mid:  This one's on levels R (Energy Systems), 5 (Flight Deck), and
               7 (Engineering).  Took the distortion and added modulation
               and did some playing with the sawtooth arrangement.

sshock05a.mid:  This is all of that weird stuff from all of the bays 
                on the flight deck and the groves on level 6.  Rather creepy.

sshock05b.mid:  Beta Grove.  Again, just percussion enhancements and an
                extra bass channel.

sshock06.mid:  Played on levels 8 (Security) and 9 (Bridge).  I had to add
               another bass channel to this one, too.

sshock10.mid:  These little bits and pieces played at various points
               throughout the cyberspace sequences.  So I mixed them
               together into one piece.  Holy Cow!  Whoever programmed the
               percussion channel did one helluva frickin' fantastic job!
               That track rocks!  I did do some individual sequence
               cut-and-pastes and brought the volume way up on the snares
               but it was all in the game.

titloop.mid:  Loop that plays during game options after the opening sequence.

Crank the volume and bass and enjoy!

Joey "Chicajo" D